aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not founada
a: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
bbb: command not faoauan:d 
command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: cbobmbm:a ncdo mnmoatn df onuontd 
found
baabab::  ccoommmmaanndd  nnoott  ffoouunnd
d
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
