aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
baaa:bb :c ocmommamnadn dn onto tf ofuonudn
d
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
aaa: command not found
aaa: command not foundb
bb: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
aaa: commabndb bn:o tc ofmomuanndd
 not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
bbb: commanda naoat:  fcooumnmda
nd not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
