aaa: command not found
aaa: command not bfbobu:n dc
ommand not found
bbb: command not founada
a: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
aaa: command nobt bfbo:u ncdo
mmand not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
aaa: command not found
bbb: command not found
